c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.pdb
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.MVC.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Data.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.MVC.pdb
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Data.pdb
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.pdb
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.pdb
c:\users\earpwald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Data.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.MVC.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.Data.pdb
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\HumanResources.MVC.pdb
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.pdb
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.dll
C:\Users\earpwald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\HumanResourceData\HR-Authentication\HumanResources.MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\HumanResources.Tests.pdb
